zh_CN/model_server/docs/home_zh_CN.md
    architecture.md
    model_version_policy.md
    online_config_changes.md
    host.md
    docker_container.md
    shape_batch_size_and_layout.md
    dag_scheduler.md
    custom_node_development.md
    stateful_models.md
    binary_input.md
    model_cache.md
    metrics.md
    ovms_quickstart.md
    models_repository.md
    docker_container.md
    host.md
    performance_tuning.md
    dag_scheduler.md
    custom_node_development.md
    stateful_models.md
    ../deploy/README.md
    binary_input.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/benchmarks/performance_benchmarks_zh_CN.md
    performance_benchmarks_openvino.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/dlstreamer_zh_CN.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/Documentation/deployment_guide_introduction_zh_CN.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/Documentation/dl_workbench_overview_zh_CN.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/Documentation/model_introduction_zh_CN.md
    ../model_zoo.md
    ../MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/Converting_Model.md
    ../MO_DG/prepare_model/Additional_Optimizations.md
    ../MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/Cutting_Model.md
    ../model_zoo.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/Documentation/openvino_ecosystem_ovtf_zh_CN.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/Documentation/openvino_ecosystem_zh_CN.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/documentation_zh_CN.md
    get_started.md
    model_zoo.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/Extensibility_UG/Intro_zh_CN.md
    ../MO_DG/prepare_model/Supported_Frameworks_Layers.md
    ./GPU_Extensibility.md
    ./VPU_Extensibility.md
    add_openvino_ops.md
    frontend_extensions.md
    ../MO_DG/prepare_model/customize_model_optimizer/Customize_Model_Optimizer.md
    add_openvino_ops.md
    ../OV_Runtime_UG/Samples_Overview.md
    ../../samples/cpp/hello_reshape_ssd/README.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/Extensibility_UG/ov_transformations_zh_CN.md
    ../OV_Runtime_UG/model_representation.md
    ./model_pass.md
    ./matcher_pass.md
    ./graph_rewrite_pass.md
    ../OV_Runtime_UG/model_representation.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/gapi/gapi_intro_zh_CN.md
    kernel_api.md
    kernel_api.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/IE_PLUGIN_DG/Intro_zh_CN.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/MO_DG/Deep_Learning_Model_Optimizer_DevGuide_zh_CN.md
    ../../tools/pot/docs/Introduction.md
    prepare_model/convert_model/Converting_Model.md
    prepare_model/convert_model/Cutting_Model.md
    prepare_model/Additional_Optimizations.md
    prepare_model/FP16_Compression.md
    prepare_model/convert_model/Convert_Model_From_TensorFlow.md
    prepare_model/convert_model/Convert_Model_From_PyTorch.md
    prepare_model/convert_model/Convert_Model_From_MxNet.md
    prepare_model/convert_model/Convert_Model_From_Caffe.md
    prepare_model/convert_model/Convert_Model_From_Kaldi.md
    prepare_model/convert_model/Convert_Model_Tutorials.md
    IR_and_opsets.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/Convert_Model_From_Paddle_zh_CN.md
    ../Supported_Frameworks_Layers.md
    ../Model_Optimizer_FAQ.md
    Convert_Model_Tutorials.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/supported_model_formats_zh_CN.md
    ../../../OV_Runtime_UG/integrate_with_your_application.md
    ./Convert_Model_From_ONNX.md
    ./Convert_Model_From_TensorFlow.md
    ./Convert_Model_From_PyTorch.md
    ./Convert_Model_From_MxNet.md
    ./Convert_Model_From_Caffe.md
    ./Convert_Model_From_Kaldi.md
    ./Convert_Model_Tutorials.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/Getting_performance_numbers_zh_CN.md
    Additional_Optimizations.md
    ../../optimization_guide/dldt_deployment_optimization_common.md
    ../../../samples/cpp/benchmark_app/README.md
    ../../OV_Runtime_UG/supported_plugins/Supported_Devices.md
    ../../../samples/cpp/benchmark_app/README.md
    ../../../samples/cpp/benchmark_app/README.md
    ../../OV_Runtime_UG/preprocessing_overview.md
    ../../../samples/cpp/benchmark_app/README.md
    ../../../tools/benchmark_tool/README.md
    ../../optimization_guide/dldt_deployment_optimization_latency.md
    ../../optimization_guide/dldt_deployment_optimization_tput.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/optimization_guide/dldt_deployment_optimization_guide_zh_CN.md
    ./dldt_deployment_optimization_latency.md
    ./dldt_deployment_optimization_tput.md
    ./dldt_deployment_optimization_tput_advanced.md
    dldt_deployment_optimization_internals.md
    dldt_deployment_optimization_internals.md
    dldt_deployment_optimization_tput.md
    dldt_deployment_optimization_latency.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/optimization_guide/dldt_optimization_guide_zh_CN.md
    ./dldt_deployment_optimization_common.md
    ../OV_Runtime_UG/Model_caching_overview.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/optimization_guide/model_optimization_guide_zh_CN.md
    ../MO_DG/prepare_model/Additional_Optimizations.md
    ../../tools/pot/docs/Introduction.md
    ./nncf/introduction.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/ovsa/ovsa_get_started_zh_CN.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/OV_Runtime_UG/deployment/deployment_intro_zh_CN.md
    ../integrate_with_your_application.md
    ../../install_guides/installing-openvino-docker-linux.md
    ../../install_guides/installing-openvino-docker-windows.md
    deployment-manager-tool.md
    local-distribution.md
    deployment-manager-tool.md
    local-distribution.md
    local-distribution.md
    ../hetero_execution.md
    ../multi_device.md
    local-distribution.md
    ../../install_guides/configurations-for-intel-gpu.md
    ../../install_guides/configurations-for-intel-gna.md
    ../../install_guides/configurations-for-ncs2.md
    ../../install_guides/configurations-for-ivad-vpu.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/OV_Runtime_UG/migration_ov_2_0/common_inference_pipeline_zh_CN.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/OV_Runtime_UG/migration_ov_2_0/configure_devices_zh_CN.md
    ../supported_plugins/config_properties.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/OV_Runtime_UG/migration_ov_2_0/deployment_migration_zh_CN.md
    ../../../install_guides/installing-openvino-overview.md
    ../../OV_Runtime_UG/deployment/deployment-manager-tool.md
    ../../install_guides/installing-model-dev-tools.md
    ../deployment/local-distribution.md
    ../auto_device_selection.md
    ../multi_device.md
    ../preprocessing_overview.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/OV_Runtime_UG/migration_ov_2_0/graph_construction_zh_CN.md
    ../../../samples/cpp/model_creation_sample/README.md
    ../../../samples/python/model_creation_sample/README.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/OV_Runtime_UG/migration_ov_2_0/intro_zh_CN.md
    ../layout_overview.md
    ../preprocessing_overview.md
    ../ShapeInference.md
    ../preprocessing_overview.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/OV_Runtime_UG/migration_ov_2_0/preprocessing_zh_CN.md
    ../preprocessing_overview.md
    ../layout_overview.md
    ../Model_caching_overview.md
    ../preprocessing_details.md
    ../../../samples/cpp/hello_nv12_input_classification/README.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/OV_Runtime_UG/openvino_intro_zh_CN.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/OV_Runtime_UG/ov_dynamic_shapes_zh_CN.md
    ShapeInference.md
    ov_without_dynamic_shapes.md
    ../MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/Converting_Model.md
    integrate_with_your_application.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/OV_Runtime_UG/performance_hints_zh_CN.md
    ./auto_device_selection.md
    ../OV_Runtime_UG/automatic_batching.md
    ../OV_Runtime_UG/ov_infer_request.md
    ../../samples/cpp/benchmark_app/README.md
    ../../tools/benchmark_tool/README.md
    ./supported_plugins/Supported_Devices.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/OV_Runtime_UG/protecting_model_guide_zh_CN.md
    Samples_Overview.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/OV_Runtime_UG/supported_plugins/CPU_zh_CN.md
    ../../../samples/cpp/hello_query_device/README.md
    ./config_properties.md
    ../multi_device.md
    ../preprocessing_overview.md
    Supported_Devices.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/OV_Runtime_UG/supported_plugins/Device_Plugins_zh_CN.md
    VPU.md
    GNA.md
    ARM_CPU.md
    ./Supported_Devices.md
    GNA.md
    ARM_CPU.md
    ../hetero_execution.md
    ../multi_device.md
    ../automatic_batching.md
    ../../optimization_guide/dldt_deployment_optimization_tput.md
    ../Model_caching_overview.md
    ../preprocessing_overview.md
    ../network_state_intro.md
    ../../../samples/cpp/hello_query_device/README.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/OV_Runtime_UG/supported_plugins/GPU_zh_CN.md
    ../../../samples/cpp/hello_query_device/README.md
    ../../MO_DG/prepare_model/FP16_Compression.md
    ../../../samples/cpp/hello_query_device/README.md
    ../multi_device.md
    ../automatic_batching.md
    ../layout_overview.md
    ./GPU_RemoteTensor_API.md
    ../preprocessing_overview.md
    ../Model_caching_overview.md
    GPU_RemoteTensor_API.md
    ../automatic_batching.md
    ../Model_caching_overview.md
    ./GPU_RemoteTensor_API.md
    Supported_Devices.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/security_guide/introduction_zh_CN.md
zh_CN/openvino/docs/security_guide/workbench_zh_CN.md
zh_CN/openvino/tools/compile_tool/README_zh_CN.md
    ../../docs/OV_Runtime_UG/layout_overview.md
    ../../docs/OV_Runtime_UG/preprocessing_overview.md
    ../../docs/OV_Runtime_UG/preprocessing_usecase_save.md
zh_CN/open_model_zoo/tools/model_tools/README_zh_CN.md
    ../../data/datasets.md
zh_CN/training_extensions/OTE_landing_page_zh_CN.md
Number of markdown references: 244
Number of markdown reference matches: 70
